.TH TELEPATH 1 "2025-01-23" "Version v0.0.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
telepath \- is a powerful CLI tool for secure port forwarding with support for multiple jump hosts and flexible authentication.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B telepath
.RI "command " [ options ] " <args>"
.SH DESCRIPTION
Telepath is a modern, intelligent CLI tool for seamless and secure port forwarding.
Designed with versatility and ease of use in mind, Telepath enables developers and system administrators to create complex forwarding paths across multiple hosts effortlessly.
Whether you're working with password-based or keyfile authentication, single or multiple jump hosts, Telepath has you covered.

.PP
\fBUsage\fP:

.EX
telepath [GLOBAL OPTIONS] command [COMMAND OPTIONS] [ARGUMENTS...]
.EE


.SH COMMANDS
.SH daemon
Daemon operation

.SS start
Start daemon

.SS stop
Stop daemon

.SS status
Status of daemon

.SH crediential
Crediential operation

.SS add
Add crediential

.PP
\fB--key-file, -K\fP="": SSH Key file path.

.PP
\fB--pass, -P\fP="": Plain text password.

.PP
\fB--type, -T\fP="": Crediential type [PASS/KEY].

.SS remove
Remove crediential

.SS detail
Detail crediential

.SS list
List crediential

.SH host
Host operation

.SS add
Add Host

.PP
\fB--cred, -C\fP="": Crediential name.

.PP
\fB--host, -H\fP="": SSH server address.

.PP
\fB--port, -P\fP="": SSH server port. (default: 0)

.PP
\fB--user, -U\fP="": SSH server user name.

.SS remove
Remove Host

.SS detail
Detail Host

.SS list
List Host

.SH tunnel
Tunnel operation

.SS add
Add Tunnel

.PP
\fB--host-chain, -C\fP="": List of host name as jump host.

.PP
\fB--local-port, -L\fP="": Local port. (default: 0)

.PP
\fB--remote-host, -H\fP="": Remote host.

.PP
\fB--remote-port, -R\fP="": Remote port. (default: 0)

.SS remove
Remove Tunnel

.SS detail
Detail Tunnel

.SS list
List Tunnel

.SS start
Start Tunnel

.SS stop
Stop Tunnel

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Create crediential for key and password
.B
telepath crediential add -T KEY -K "/path-to/id_rsa" cred1

.B
telepath crediential add -T PASS -P "my-password" cred2

.TP
Create Host with crediential
.B
telepath host add -H <host-ip> -P 22 -U <username> -C cred1 mylab

.TP
Create tunnel for mysql connection
.B
telepath tunnel add -L 3306 -H localhost -R 3306 -C mylab tunnel1

.TP
Start and stop tunnel
.B
telepath tunnel start tunnel1

.B
telepath tunnel stop tunnel1

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR ssh (1),
.BR chatz (1),
.SH AUTHOR
Written by tech-thinker, as part of the `telepath` project.

